en:fsc-mix||fsc mixte
en:fsc||vwww.fsc.org
en:halal||halal
en:kosher||casher
en:kosher||kosher
en:max-havelaar||max havelaar
en:no-cholesterol||no cholesterol
en:no-cholesterol||sans cholesterol
en:no-cholesterol||sans cholestérol
en:no-lactose||bez laktozy
en:no-lactose||lactose free
en:no-lactose||lactose-free
en:no-lactose||lactosefrei
en:no-lactose||lactosevrij
en:no-lactose||laktózmentes
en:no-lactose||ni lactose
en:no-lactose||no lactose
en:no-lactose||sans lactose
en:no-lactose||senza lattosio
en:no-lactose||sin lactosa
en:no-lactose||без лактозы
en:palm-oil-free||ni huile de palme
en:palm-oil-free||ohne palmöl
en:palm-oil-free||palm oil free
en:palm-oil-free||palm oil-free
en:palm-oil-free||sans huile de palme
en:palm-oil-free||senza olio di palma
en:palm-oil-free||sin aceite de palma
en:palm-oil-free||без пальмового масла
en:sustainable-seafood-msc||www.msc.org
fr:viande-porcine-francaise||le porc francais
fr:viande-porcine-francaise||le porc français
